Pestrans oft suffer bad relations with the rest of the Church, as their fixation on rot and decay is looked on increasingly with distrust in the new era of necromancy. Sects of physickers keep increasingly to themselves.
Carrion-beasts, cheeles, and nagas are sacred to Pestra. Those who slay them are often punished with terrible plagues.
Eora stands for far more than familial love, but frowns upon those who break matrimony.
What better trick than stealing fire from Astrata herself?
Blood freely spilled always offers greater power, for it carries the worth of both the blood and the choice. Always obtain a willing victim, if you can.
Aasimar blood is thought to have powerful protective properties. Superstitious soldiers may ask to be anointed with a drop before a battle.
A traditional Psydonic greeting or farewell is 'Purity afloat.' The psycross is often held over the chest during this ritual.
Blacksteel is a pale imitation of the Zizo-blessed Darksteel, which is gifted to Her followers in Her benevolence.
Blacksteel is a blessed alloy of pure silver and steel. Its recipe was stolen by Zizite heretics and perverted into Darksteel.
To seek progress is to paint with your blood. The greater the work, the harsher the price.
O PSYDON, forgive your wayward child. Forgive us our ignorance. Forgive us our defilement of your corpse.
Skeletons have no BRAIN. Try to FEINT them. But don't tell this to everyone!
A DODGING rogue who keeps their eyes FIXED retreats only backwards.
The Aragn is a large black spider capable of outrunning even the swiftest of elves. Its venom is paralytic, and it preys within sewers and bogs.
The heads of goblins, minotaurs, dragons, footpads, seamen, trolls, and various beasts can all be sold to a Merchant, or a particular machine...
Wearing a red tabard provokes even the most serene minotaur.
An arcing arrow can only hit a target below you, not above you. A thrown rock, however...
ASTRATA is a VILE TYRANT and must be CONSUMED AND SUBSUMED.
ASTRATA is law made manifest and must be respected, lest society fall into chaos.
No pursuit was too perilous, no sacrifice too great. Until, well...
Under the Heavens and the Many Stars, there are darker things than men may dream of.
Lupians make exceptional zealots. Ask the Inquisition.
Solitary Lupians who suffer from gigantism are often mistaken for werevolves and shot without question, so they travel in packs - be it with their own or other peoples.
The bog be a dangerous place full of chittering fiends. That dendorite may be covered in leaves and mud, at least they make for a good guide.
With the care they put into their work, it is said that the food made by Eora's faithful energize the soul like no other dish.
Pomegranate arils are boons sent to mortals by Eora to test whether they're dedicated enough to care for something precious.
The mythical ashen aril is coveted by thieves, heretics and all manner of ruffians. For it is said to yield unimaginable power.
The pauper never had much, but his worship for Abyssor led the faithful to mend his broken frame with ancient strength.
The mast buckles, as the ship is led through treacherous waters by Abyssorite under Astrata's gaze. Sleeping eyes giving way for the faithful of Noc, who continue their toil at night.
To dream is to commune with Abyssor. Coffee is a sin, but a bit of Camomille tea never goes amiss.
SANCROGENESIS: the creation of holy life, as if touched by PSYDON Himself. It was a mere shard of the power that He held. ...but it is said to have been a considerable haul for the God of Thieves and Capital, nonetheless.
...and so, it is said Matthios took his sword and cut a hole in the boundary. Before it closed, and the river of life dried, the unmoving earth-maw clawed from its basalt-amniotic womb and roared their first breath into the sky. THE SECOND TRANSACTION.
Astrata, Psydonia, Noc, Hermes, Kytheria, Nepolx, Jove... diviners oft theorize even more celestial bodies exist.
The pen is not mightier than the sword. The pen merely persuades many swords to it's cause. 
I DREAM OF A DARK, BLUE STAR IN THE SKY. IT'S RED EYES GAZE AT ME WITH CONTEMPT. IT GROWS IN SIZE EVERY SECOND.
PHYSICAL POWER ALLOWS THROWING A PUNCH. MENTAL POWER ALLOWS THROWING A FIREBALL.
Adventurers beware: barber surgeons speak of red potions causing tumors in the liver...
Adventurers rejoice: barber surgeons speak of red potions curing tumors in the liver!
Stone to coal, coal to iron, iron to gold, gold to toper... thus goes the alchymist's mantra.
Within tombs full of treasure, there are oft secret entrances and hide-aways. Look closely at walls, rock or not. Occasionally, you should take a look up...
The growing power of Z often causes volf and saiga alike to reanimate with frightening speed. Butcher your dead.
BLOOD RAIN SYMBOLIZES THE GROWING POWER OF Z AND G. IF I SEE IT, I SHOULD EXPECT VIOLENCE.
Placing a chair before climbing a wall makes it easier to scale.
Odd tentacle growths are known to burst from the ground. Touch them. Pestra's gifts will shine upon you.
IN these DARK daes within the REALMS. One would do well not to wander into the woad...
Stewards have the keys to unlock a SILVERFACE, should the associated merchant be buried.
The Fulmen Chair's true name is the "ZRONK", named for the first associate of Magellan to pull the lever. His lyfe, taken, to fuel another.
LEFT HAND. RIGHT HAND. LEFT HAND. I SCALE THE CLIFF. I SEE ASTRATA'S DAWN. MY BODY TIRES, BUT I AM FREE FROM THE MENACE BELOW.
Often used measurements include the 'mote' for time, the 'cubit' or 'imperial foot' for length, and the 'dram' for liquid volume.
I KICK THE LAMPTERN. THE FYRE-BEARER BLOCKS MY SHOT-- MY TEAM LOSES THE GAME OF LAMPTERNBALL!!!
Campfires and bedrolls alone aid in fatigue. Combining both, however, grants a particularly potent restorative effect...
Hand-axes are the superior weapon of choice for destroying most objects and barriers... though iron gates will require a mace.
Sharpening blades with rocks slowly destroys the edge. One must hone their blade at a grindwheel, should they wish to recover their blade's maximum sharpness.
Bandages soak up a limited amount of blood. Get stitching quick, or die snow white.
I SEE THE DREADED GEM-EATER. HIS METAL MITTS HOLD MY HIDDEN STASH OF SAFFIRA. ONE BY ONE, HE POPS THEM INTO HIS MOUTH...
WHY IS IT WRITTEN SAIGA AND NOT PSYGA?
YIELDING slows your bleeding and prevents your assailant from decapitating you, though you will struggle to attack in return.
Crops can be dug up with spades. Hoes allow for instant removal of weeds. Compost, nightsoil, and bones can be combined by farmers into the legendary "fertilizer".
Sleeves can be torn for cloth. They can also be rolled up, if you care for the aesthetic.
With enough STRENGTH, locked doors can be kicked open. You may not bust it down on the first go, keep trying!
In lieu of heartblood, leechbait can be crafted from impure lux. This can then fetch leechticks, which can eat a person's lux to restore lyfe to another...
Focusing on your SPECIAL powers outside of combat allows deft fingers to pick pockets.
Nobody in Valoria owns a thesaurus. No synonym for 'endure' will ever be used.
Graggar, in his ascendancy, broke the chains of many monsters, and set them loose on the world. Some slaves pray to Graggar, too, that their chains may be broken.
The glittering black gemstones of onyxa are said to prized by warlocks and drow for black rituals. The face reflected in its shard is never your own.
Eating fyritus flower will prevent infection by werewolves.
Witchcovens developed the art of potion-making in ancient times. Modern alchemy bears little resemblance to its oldest forms, but the stereotype of the wart-nosed witch remains, for better or worse.
The famous Zybantu 'desert riders' are among the most skilled swordsmen in the world. They'd all kill their own mother for a piece of coin.
Presdigitation is often known as the apprentice's friend, as it helps remove char and soot before the Magos notices.
'Mageburn' is the colloquial name for injury from backfiring spells, such as fireballs at close range. The surest sign of a new apprentice is burn marks on the hands and face.
The ideal number for an adventuring party is a band of five. This tradition dates back nearly a century- to the band of five heroes that overthrew the Mad Duke.
The fortress of Khuufvale was once dedicated to the production of constructs. Its ruins lie under Mount Decapitation, along with the other hundred horrors there.
The fastest way to attract the attention of a god is to say their name. In some cases, this is a very bad idea.
Sacrifices to the gods are common forms of worship, and thought to earn their favor. Food, coin, animals and relics can all be offered.
Ravox exults in GLORY. Duels are honorable and righteous, and it is dishonorable to strike a surrendering opponent.
Ravoxians are all morons.
Graggar does not stand for 'might makes right.' The truth is more concise: Might makes.
Old enough druids are thought to eventually turn into trees. Treehood is an ideal state for some adherent worshippers of Dendor.
The Necran symbol is a jawless skull. A smiling skull is used to represent ZIZO.
Many Necrans seek to come closer to the threshhold between lyfe and death. Some emulate the silence of the grave, and take vows never to speak.
The pomegranate is the sacred fruit of Eora.
Zenitstadt is the second largest city in Grenzelhoft, and home to their famous fencing guilds. Most Grenzel mercenaries hail from here, and almost all of them have something unpleasant to say about it.
Eora's spheres encompass sex, love, blood and motherhood. A common Eoran tradition is for the bethrothed to slit open the palm and mix blood with their partner, to symbolize an eternal commitment.
Love is thought to be carried from the heart through the blood. It is believed among some that blood that mixes is proof of compatibility, and blood that coagulates means that it's probably time to see other people.
THROW A BOMB INTO THE CHURCH DO IT NOW DO IT NOW DO IT NOW
THE INQUISITION IS ALL VAMPIRES AND THAT'S WHY THEY WANT YOUR BLOOD. THINK ABOUT IT.
An entire Grenzelhoftian warparty marched into the Terrorbog, once. Twenty years later, the lost legion still walks, and they will never stop.
The Arcyne Eyrie is considered one of the finest schools of magic on the continent. They are famous for their war-mages, pointy hats, and condescension. A certificate from one of the Archmages is considered as prestigious as it gets.
Malumites often light a single candle before starting work. When the wax is only a stub, only then is a break allowed.
Blacksmith can I have fluted cuirass and steel chausses and plate gauntlets and plated boots and steel bracers and steel full coif hey where are you going
Zybantu recently abolished the purchase and trade of slaves, sparking mass outrage from both Forvheipal and underground Grenzelhoftian slave-trading guilds. 
Cultists of Noc often take on a new name, called a Nocturne, and shed their past identity. Traditionally, this is to protect one's True Name from a summoned demon, though in more modern times, it serves the secondary benefit of hiding one's identity from a vengeful landlord wondering why their house is on magefire.
Cultists of Noc pursue wisdom, study, scripture and divination. Many of Beowricke's greatest discoveries have come from a Noccite sect. Many of Beowricke's greatest fires have also come from a Noccite sect.
The ruins of Lyndhardtia are dotted with ancient, crumbling statues and fixtures. It is thought that the most ancient of these are Aasimar, who one day stopped moving, and never started again.
Aasimar cannot die of old age. Sometimes, however, they simply give up, and turn fully to stone. It is considered bad luck to deface a statue, as a result.
Everything these tips tell you is made up.
They say that Weocilyn has fallen to Baleron, or-.. no, wait, wasn't that the Rudmarsch?
Philranthus, my God, why hath you forsaken me?!
BEFORE THE FINAL BLOW WAS STRUCK, I TORE OPEN A PORTAL IN TYME AND FLUNG ANEIMOS INTO THE DAES-TO-COME; WHERE MY SIN IS LAW! NOW.. THE LOWLY FOOL SEEKS TO RETURN TO THE PAST, AND UNDO THE EVIL THAT IS ZENU!
Blastpowder was originally created by wise dwarve-alchemists to 'spice up' bubbleless ale. All it took was an errant spark - and the cellar's subsequent obliteration - to reveal an alternative use.
Glimmering slag and gold have two things in common; they're both useless on their own, and they both thrumb with latent magicka. Perhaps alloying them together, two-to-two, could offer something new?
What's the difference between a longsword, broadsword, and bastard sword? One's for a noble, another's for a knight, and the last one's for whatever they make after a night of drunken revelry.
Bronze tools, weapons, and armor tend to be sharper and sturdier than their iron-wrought counterparts. The trickier part is forging the alloy; but, perhaps fashioning a smelter out of stone, charcoal, copper and tin could do the trick.
They'll tell you that the first alloy known to Beowricke was bronze, but they'd be lying.
Gold can be used to forge the finest - and most expensive - arms in all of Beowricke. Mind the fragility, however; they're meant for ceremonies, not clashes.
Using a rope on an open space drops the rope down, allowing allies to easily scale a given surface. Pull it onto yourself to retrieve it.
Having someone else within your personal space assists in climbing many surfaces.
Joapstone, Petriamber, Rosellusk, and Aoetal are not real stones. Do not listen to the rambling of gem-crafting madmen.
Gemerald skulls are a sign of calamity. Folk-tales mention their service to darker impulses.
The rat overlords inside the SCOMS are fond of cheese. Feed them and the cries of your victims will go unheard... for a time.
College mages are often good sources of treasure. They steal from the university as much as any rogue does.
Inspect tabards closely, they tend to bear the names of the wearer... or horrible jokes.
WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU SAW A CHIMERA?
A CLEAVED HEAD NO LONGER PLOTS.
STRIKE FAST AND STRIKE TRUE: THE BLADE IS MY GOD.
ZIZO. ZIZO. ZIZO.
The realm is falling apart. We know this- and yet we continue anyways.
Scent of rot and shit; my feet find fetid ground. A corpse- I am living on a corpse. And then the world is normal again.
The Valorian Orthodox Church believe in the mighty Psydon, and that he will rise once more and save the world from the Archdaemons. This is however confounded: the Pantheonic Ten are surely the supreme beings..
Dae is far less dangerous than Night; Astrata’s gaze is far more searing to all forms of evils in a direct burn.
The Archdaemonic followers are hellbent on returning the four Devils to this realm to wreak havoc upon all of us. This shall not come to pass- they must either be brought to hell and returned to the light, or destroyed.
The Pantheonic Ten are less responsive to prayer than the daemonic. This, however, is simply a test of faith.
Butter is the favored snack for a hungry citizen!
I can jump further by getting a running start. Mind the overshoot.
A CORPSE; I AM LIVING ON A FUCKING CORPSE.
A torch should be kept dry, and a blade sharp.
The key to a long life is knowing when to run.
Xylix's gift to mortals was the humble tarot deck, allowing them to divine the fates of reality themselves.
Dendor's madness is enigmatic at best, and malicious at worst. There is no true way to understand beyond accepting it.
If two spirits were in the Underworld, and one killed the other with a rock, would that be fucked up or what?
THERE IS A TUMOR DIRECTLY BEHIND MY RIGHT EYEBALL; I NEED TO REACH IN AND CLAW IT OUT BEFORE IT FUCKING EATS ME.
Necrans despise deadites and wish them exterminated or cured; Pestrans wish them cured of their rot.
The divines smile upon your prayers in front of a psycross, but never mention them the name of the Daemon.
Ravox stands for justice, not murder.
Malum used to carry a divine hammer that gave life to all material things that Beowricke was built upon. It is now lost to history.
Eora stands for far more than familial love- but frowns upon those who break matrimony.
The Archdaemon Graggar represents all unbridled bloodlust and rage; an almost extreme opposite to Ravoxians.
For the entire world, the Bloodwake was seen as a cataclysmic event that shook reality to its core and brought everything to its knees. For the Archdaemons, it was taking one step of many.
The Archdaemon ZIZO represents unbridled ambition and unchecked arcyne magic. In recent yils her power waned as the arcyne began to become rarer, however a spike in cultists has been observed since the civil war.
Gaze upon the mighty empire of NAEXIDOR, ye mighty, and weep!
The Archdaemon Matthios represents unbridled envy, and is the patron of all thieves and bandit-cultists. With the increase in banditry, his power has grown significantly. Much to your detriment.
The Archdaemon Baotha represents unrestrained lust and degeneracy- a firm believer in drowning your sorrows in ale, drugs, and women. Despite her less malicious sounding nature, she is quite possibly one of the worst. I wouldn't think too much about that, though.
THE FIRE IS GONE.
LOOK UP TO PEOPLE WHO ARE GOOD AT VIOLENCE; THEY CARRY WILL OF GODS AND RECIEVE PUNISHMENT OF HELL BEYOND HELLS.
Lyndvhar is one of the most important ports on the eastern coast of the Kingdom of Lyndhardtia. Due to its unique location and distance, it has been spared from most of the destruction of the civil war. So far.
...well, that's what comes of too much Spice and liquor!
She was the happiest corpse I'd ever seen.
That was a rough nite. I hope that never happens again.
Is having this many strange races and faces all living together despite yils of bad blood a good idea? No? Oh well.
Weocilyn is a close barony to Lyndhvar- often times the nobility would intermarry into eachother. They are far more accepting of the unchosen than us.
There are no secret shrines to the Archdaemons in Lyndvhar. Stop worrying about it.
An apocalyptic war capable of rending all the realm apart; oh, how terrible its power was! And Psydon's power, ever so noble and strong! Yet now He slumbers, unaware of the fruits His efforts came to give. And He sighs. And He weeps.
The Pantheon will have you think we are powerless, and that we are nothing; but that is a lie.
I AM OLDER THAN AEON. I AM SIN, FATHER OF LIES. I HAVE GONE BY MANY NAMES. SAY THEM AND WEEP, FOR I AM ALL THAT THEY ARE.
Rot piled up to my feet, smell of death, quietly-crept decay from the Godhead 'neath I.
It's a good idea to bandage and suture arterial wounds as soon as possible. Death happens slowly, and then all at once.
Gripping bleeding bodyparts makes them bleed slower. Remember this- it may be important later.
If the crown of the Viscount were to fall, nothing but death and destruction would likely follow. This must not ever pass.
If the Priesthood of Lyndvhar were to fall, it would give way for the cultists of the daemons to gain a foothold. This must not be allowed.
I SEE LIGHT, THEN IT FLASHES, AND THEN IT DESTROYS.
The Rhaenvali Confederacy invades from the north, orcs invade from the southwest, the Ziggurat raids the coasts, and Grenzelhoft seems increasingly likely to attack. I'm sure everything is fine, though.
A tale is but half told when only one person tells it.
When the words come, they are merely empty shells without the music. They live as they are sung, for the words are the body and the music the spirit.
Do there exist many worlds, or is there but a single world?
For even he who is most greedy for knowledge can achieve no greater perfection than to be thoroughly aware of his own ignorance in his particular field.
Don’t depend too much on anyone in this world because even your own shadow leaves you when you are in darkness.
Letters are signs of things, symbols of words, whose power is so great that without a voice they speak to us the words of the absent; for they introduce words by the eye, not by the ear.
The world is divided into men who have wit and no religion and men who have religion and no wit.
The eye through which I see Psydon is the same eye through which Psydon sees me; my eye and Psydon’s eye are one eye, one seeing, one knowing, one love.
Against the disease of writing one must take special precautions, since it is a dangerous and contagious disease.
As long as there's two people left on Beowricke, one of those idiots is going to want the other idiot dead.
THE HOLY PANTHEONIC GOSPEL RADIATES THROUGH MY HEAD. NOT ALL IS YET LOST.
THERE ARE WORMS IN MY SKIN.
Greencrest is a Kingdom to the Southwest of Lyndhardtia that is entirely ruled by a caste of noble Elves.
Little is known about Khazumia. What we do know of the Khaliphate is its ferocity and danger it poses should it become aggressive. Let us hope it stays in its isolation.
You know, I heard there was a realm somewhere in the world entirely conquered by Zizonic worshippers. That must not be true, right?
I often get tired of hearing voices in my head, too, don't worry.
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT?
There are many beasts to be found in the ocean. Sailing is a horrifically dangerous occupation- but it pays extremely well.
Lyndvhar has not heard from the rest of the realm for a long time. The roads are silent.
The Eskallian tribes hate one another. That is why filling the Garrison with them would be quite funny- do it.
The more sensible Goblins are less Goblin and more the term "Hobgoblin". They are much more amicable than the ones in caves.
Do not let them decieve you. Do not let them trick you. Do not let them play you. Do not trust anyone. You can't trust anyone. You are on your own.
Drank too much last night. I'm seeing that thing in the corner of my eye again. You see it too, don't you? It's right there. Turn around.
Do there exist many worlds, or is there but a single world?
Had I been present at the Creation, I would have given some useful hints for the better ordering of the universe.
When the words come, they are merely empty shells without the music. They live as they are sung, for the words are the body and the music the spirit.
Nothing is sweeter than love, nothing higher, nothing stronger, nothing larger, nothing more joyful, nothing fuller, and nothing better in heaven or in this realm.
Don’t depend too much on anyone in this world because even your own shadow leaves you when you are in darkness.
For even he who is most greedy for knowledge can achieve no greater perfection than to be thoroughly aware of his own ignorance in his particular field. The more be known, the more aware he will be of his ignorance.
Justice is the constant and perpetual wish to render every one his due.
No more things should be presumed to exist than are absolutely necessary.
Does it make you brave to stick your hand in a volf's mouth? Would you do it again just because you didn't die?
Lying is a thriving vocation.
I remember the fire, it burns bright, always around me. I close my eyes, and tears stream out. The tides of the past seize me, bear me out to sea.
Today is the dae!
The shadows reach out- almost as if to grasp you- and then they are gone. A horrible omen.
Maybe it would be best to not think about what is happening. You'll hurt yourself.
A vision flashes in your eyes- familiarity. And just as quickly as that light forms- it vanishes. How peculiar.
Forvheipal is a realm to the far east in Yoheon. Ruled by a caste of Vulpkian and Lupian, it is one of the largest exporters of slaves.
The Blade Dancers of Zybantu are some of the most famous mercenaries in Beowricke.
The Zaprixys Order are the largest exporter of battle-thrall slaves to the highest bidder across Beowricke. Many have even found themselves in Lyndvhar, despite current circumstances.
Grenzelhoft worships none. While they still acknowledge the existence of Gods, they bow to none. Peculiar, isn't it?
It is believed that the Axians are so protective of the waterways because there is a large unfathomable empire below the waves. If this is true, then none have spoken about it who come back alive from the seas- not even inland Axians.
Honestly, I don't trust all these foreigners walking around. Why are there so many of them, actually?
If someone disrespects the nobility, perhaps you should punish them.
TENS, HUNDREDS, THOUSANDS. MILLIONS. ALL WILL PERISH.
DEATH OF BILLIONS: A MERE STATISTIC. IN THE WAKE OF BLOOD- ALL MATTER LITTLE.
A second coming is on the horizon.
The nation of Yanshen answers to the Xinyi Dynasty, and its governing Celestial respectively. After defeating the Xuefeng Families in the notorious "Xinyi revolt", they proclaimed their mandate over the realm of Yanshen.
The Kargradi are some of the best martial warriors in southern Yoheon.
Celestia is considered the language of the Gods, and used commonly in sermon.
Infernal is considered the language of the Daemons, and often seen as anathema.
Rhaenval is less a kingdom itself and more a region filled with numerous tribes. They all form a confederation in opposition to the Ruby Empire.
Imperial is the most spoken tongue of the world, thanks to the cultural assimilation efforts of Naexidor.
Eyes dart across the sky- then to the ground. What could this mean?
There is more than meets the eye in some underground locations.
The Underdark is considered one of the most dangerous regions of the entirety of Beowricke.
Mt Decapitation has not erupted for hundreds of yils. That may change.
Dubbed the Ruby War, the conflict raging and destroying the Empire as brought everything to its knees. What will happen at its end is unknown, but the collapse has already happened. How much worse could it get?
While ruins dot the regions surrounding the city, their reason for existing may be found in books- old tomes..
Rest easy in your bed. Dreams may be more abhorrent than expected.
Death is swift and may be unexpected. Never be caught offguard.
This world is not forgiving for the naive soul. Keep your friends close in travels.
Keeping a low profile in the wilderness may keep prying eyes from ambushing you.
Never challenge a Cervaline archer in a competition with a bow.
While the Capridae are usually a rather calm and collected sort, it is still unwise to make one mad.
Rhaeteian wings are rumored to actually be decently edible, but why would anyone know this?
Avoid the waking nightmares.
Before me opened the waking eyes of the GODS themselves, and I wept- for I was nothing.
Some parts of the Ruby Empire worship Naexidor as an eleventh God, having been raised to deity for his conquest at Ravox's side. But that's heresy, isn't it?
Keep yourself well-fed, and well-rested. You wouldn't want to be caught off-guard while starving, would you?
Some stories are best left forgotten.
Fogbeasts are remarkably rare steeds- many having never seen one in their entire lives. In ancient histories before the Bloodwake, however, such animals were described abundantly. What could have happened to those poor, proud creatures?
The plains open up- to a flood of blood. The thickness is drowning- and then you open your eyes.
We are always watching.
Aevislan is probably nice this time of yil.
The Fool's Flagon is the largest place of gathering in the city.
If you can't find work, you can always make a posting.
Horrible, just awful.
There is always something to find in rock. Minerals are a-plenty in this region.
Beowricke is the realm of lyfe that all mortals find themselves in.
The world is separated into two continents- Llewyn and Yoheon. You're currently standing in Llewyn.
The Splitstern Sea is one of the only bodies of water in the world that is relatively safe to traverse. Thankfully- it is between the two continents, allowing travel between them.
What lies outside of the maps?
Noc hates those who destroy knowledge.
Astrata's order is not one to be challenged, lest you face the pyre.
Some of the most renowned physicians in the Empire are Pestrans.
